Update /sys/billing/overview docs (#2335)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/docs/updates/release-notes.mdx

### Improvements

- [/sys/billing/overview](/vault/api-docs/system/billing/overview) includes 37 months

> of usage data by default and adds `start_month` and `end_month` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [/sys/billing/overview](/vault/api-docs/system/billing/overview) now retains 37 months of usage data and adds `start_month` and `end_month` query parameters.
```

It's not (yet) configurable, is it?

Author: No, not yet
